1. “Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston Churchill
2. “It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation.” — Herman Melville
3. “The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same.” — Colin R. Davis
4. “Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
5. “Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” — Dale Carnegie
6. “Nothing in the world can take the place of persistence. ... The slogan ‘Press On’ has solved and always will solve the problems of the human race.” — Calvin Coolidge
7. “There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” — Mister Rogers
8. “Success is peace of mind, which is a direct result of self-satisfaction in knowing you made the effort to become the best of which you are capable.” — John Wooden
9. “I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” — Estée Lauder
10. “Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.” — W. P. Kinsella
11. “It is remarkable how much long-term advantage people like us have gotten by trying to be consistently not stupid instead of trying to be very intelligent.” — Charlie Munger
12. “When I believe in something, I’m like a dog with a bone.” — Melissa McCarthy
13. “And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.” — Anaïs Nin
14. “The standard you walk past is the standard you accept.” — David Hurley
15. “I’ve searched all the parks in all the cities and found no statues of committees.” — Gilbert K. Chesterton
16. “Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.” — Theodore Roosevelt
17. “Do not stop thinking of life as an adventure. You have no security unless you can live bravely, excitingly, imaginatively.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
18. “Perfection is not attainable. But if we chase perfection we can catch excellence.” — Vince Lombardi
19. “Get a good idea and stay with it. Dog it, and work at it until it’s done right.” — Walt Disney
20. “Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” — Helen Keller
21. “Concentrate all your thoughts upon the work in hand. The sun’s rays do not burn until brought to a focus.” — Alexander Graham Bell
22. “Either you run the day or the day runs you.” — Jim Rohn
23. “I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.” — Thomas Jefferson
24. “When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho
25. “Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” — Thomas Edison
26. “Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” — Tony Robbins
27. “Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work... Don’t settle.” — Steve Jobs
28. “Your time is limited, don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” — Steve Jobs
29. “Before you are a leader, success is all about growing yourself. When you become a leader, success is all about growing others.” — Jack Welch
30. “Great things in business are never done by one person; they're done by a team of people.” — Steve Jobs
31. “Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” — Steve Jobs
32. “If you do not build your dreams, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs.” — Kanayo O. Kanayo
33. “Whether you think you can, or you think you can’t — you’re right.” — Henry Ford
34. “A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.” — Henry Ford
35. “If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can't hear them anymore.” — Michelle Ruiz
36. “I'm convinced that about half of what separates the successful entrepreneurs from the non-successful ones is pure perseverance.” — Steve Jobs
37. “Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out.” — Robert Collier
38. “All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” — Walt Disney
39. “You've got to follow your passion. Your work is going to fill a large part of your life.” — Oprah Winfrey
40. “Progress does not demand perfection, only persistence.” — Dean Lindsay
41. “Don't limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do.” — Mary Kay Ash
42. “It's not about ideas. It's about making ideas happen.” — Scott Belsky
43. “The only thing worse than starting something and failing is not starting something.” — Seth Godin
44. “Never be limited by other people's limited imaginations.” — Mae Jemison
45. “The fastest way to change yourself is to hang out with people who are already the way you want to be.” — Reid Hoffman
46. “In the end, a vision without the ability to execute is probably a hallucination.” — Steve Case
47. “Fearlessness is like a muscle. I know from my own life that the more I exercise it the more natural it becomes to not let my fears run me.” — Arianna Huffington
48. “Embrace what you don't know, especially in the beginning, because what you don't know can become your greatest asset.” — Sara Blakely
49. “High expectations are the key to everything.” — Sam Walton
50. “Don't be afraid to assert yourself, have confidence in your abilities, and act decisively.” — Michael Bloomberg
51. “There are lots of bad reasons to start a company, but only one good one: to change the world.” — Phil Libin
52. “Do what you love, and success will follow.” — Meg Whitman
53. “Once you find something you love to do, be the best at doing it.” — Debbi Fields
54. “Keep going, no matter what.” — Reginald F. Lewis
55. “Empower yourself and work on what you love.” — Catharina Bruns
56. “If you are not a risk taker, you should get the hell out of business.” — Ray Kroc
57. “A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.” — John C. Maxwell
58. “If you don't like change, you're going to like irrelevance even less.” — General Eric Shinseki
59. “Risk more than others think is safe. Care more than others think is wise. Dream more than others think is practical.” — Claude T. Bissell
60. “If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.” — Milton Berle
61. “Without hustle, talent will only carry you so far.” — Gary Vaynerchuk
62. “Legacy is greater than currency.” — Gary Vaynerchuk
63. “When something is important enough, even if the odds are not in your favor, you do it anyway.” — Elon Musk
64. “You miss 100% of the shots you don't take.” — Wayne Gretzky
65. “Small minds discuss people. Average minds discuss events. Great minds discuss ideas.” — Eleanor Roosevelt
66. “The secret of getting ahead is getting started.” — Mark Twain
67. “The secret of success is to do the common things uncommonly well.” — John D. Rockefeller
68. “Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.” — John D. Rockefeller
69. “Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; make it hot by striking.” — William B. Sprague
70. “The best revenge is massive success.” — Frank Sinatra
